README.md, before:

# Colour Contrast Analyser
![GitHub (pre-)release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/thepaciellogroup/ccae/all.svg)
![GPL-3.0 licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/thepaciellogroup/ccae.svg)

![CCA logo](build/96x96.png)

The Colour Contrast Analyser (CCA) helps you determine the legibility of text and the contrast of visual elements, such as graphical controls and visual indicators.

This repository contains the source code for the new Colour Contrast Analyser (CCA) builds for Windows and macOS based on [Electron](https://electronjs.org/). For the previous, non-Electron versions ("CCA Classic"), see the [CCA-Win](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCA-Win) and [CCA-OSX](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCA-OSX) repositories.

![CCA Interface](cca.png)

For further information, see [The Paciello Group's Colour Contrast Analyser resource page](https://developer.paciellogroup.com/resources/contrastanalyser/).

## Features
- WCAG 2.1 compliance indicators
- Several ways to set colours: raw text entry (accepts any valid CSS colour format), RGB sliders, colour picker (Windows and macOS only)
- Support for alpha transparency on foreground colours
- Colour blindness simulator

## Known issues
- [Windows: Application menus aren't keyboard accessible](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCAe/issues/49)
- [Windows/macOS: Zoom feature doesn't resize the application window](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCAe/issues/38)
- [Windows: Changing slider values is not announced in NVDA](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCAe/issues/37)
- [Windows/macOS: issue with colour picker when working with multiple displays at different density](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCAe/issues/54)
- [Windows: Downloaded installer from GitHub triggers Windows Defender SmartScreen](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCAe/issues/66)

## Contributing
If you have an idea for a new feature, or if you found a bug, please submit a GitHub issue. Please search the existing issues before submitting to
prevent duplicates.

If you want to contribute, please send a pull request and someone will review your code. Please
follow the [Contribution
Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
before sending your pull request.

## Contact
If you have any questions, feel free to open an issue here on GitHub.  

## License
[![GNU GPLv3 Image](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-127x51.png)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)  

Colour Contrast Analyser (CCA) is Free Software: You can use, study share and improve it at your
will. Specifically you can redistribute and/or modify it under the terms of the
[GNU General Public License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

> This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

Commit message:

Replace statis list of known issues with links
...to avoid having to constantly update this (and constantly forgetting about it)

README.md, after:

# Colour Contrast Analyser
![GitHub (pre-)release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/thepaciellogroup/ccae/all.svg)
![GPL-3.0 licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/thepaciellogroup/ccae.svg)

![CCA logo](build/96x96.png)

The Colour Contrast Analyser (CCA) helps you determine the legibility of text and the contrast of visual elements, such as graphical controls and visual indicators.

This repository contains the source code for the new Colour Contrast Analyser (CCA) builds for Windows and macOS based on [Electron](https://electronjs.org/). For the previous, non-Electron versions ("CCA Classic"), see the [CCA-Win](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCA-Win) and [CCA-OSX](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCA-OSX) repositories.

![CCA Interface](cca.png)

For further information, see [The Paciello Group's Colour Contrast Analyser resource page](https://developer.paciellogroup.com/resources/contrastanalyser/).

## Features
- WCAG 2.1 compliance indicators
- Several ways to set colours: raw text entry (accepts any valid CSS colour format), RGB sliders, colour picker (Windows and macOS only)
- Support for alpha transparency on foreground colours
- Colour blindness simulator

## Known issues
- See the known issues for the latest [CCA release](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCAe/releases) and [confirmed bugs](https://github.com/ThePacielloGroup/CCAe/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug)

## Contributing
If you have an idea for a new feature, or if you found a bug, please submit a GitHub issue. Please search the existing issues before submitting to
prevent duplicates.

If you want to contribute, please send a pull request and someone will review your code. Please
follow the [Contribution
Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
before sending your pull request.

## Contact
If you have any questions, feel free to open an issue here on GitHub.  

## License
[![GNU GPLv3 Image](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-127x51.png)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)  

Colour Contrast Analyser (CCA) is Free Software: You can use, study share and improve it at your
will. Specifically you can redistribute and/or modify it under the terms of the
[GNU General Public License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

> This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
